Update git integrations page instructions/screenshots (#1687)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/git-integrations/zeit-now-for-gitlab.mdx

### Connecting with GitLab

> Link your GitLab and ZEIT Now account from your dashboard by clicking ["Import Project"](/import) followed by ["From Git Repository"](/import/git). Then, click the "GitLab" tab and click "Connect with GitLab".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link your GitLab account with your personal account or team on ZEIT Now from your dashboard by clicking ["Import Project"](/import) followed by ["From Git Repository"](/import/git). Then, click the "GitLab" tab and click "Connect with GitLab".
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/git-integrations/connect-gitlab.png`}
  width={966 / 2}
  height={614 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>ZEIT Now for GitLab, ready to connect.</Caption>

> Once you have authorized the GitLab integration, you will redirect back to the "Import Git Repository" page where you can import a project from an existing repository by clicking the "Import Project from GitLab" button under the "GitLab" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have authorized the GitLab integration, you will be redirected back to the "Import Git Repository" page where you can import a project from an existing repository by clicking the "Import Project from GitLab" button under the "GitLab" tab.
```
